Add hint to run production build when trying to upload source maps locally (#7253)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/sourcemaps/uploading/angular-webpack.mdx

```bash
ng build # add --prod for Angular versions below 13
```

<Note>

> The Sentry Webpack plugin does not upload source maps in watch-mode/development-mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sentry Webpack plugin doesn't upload source maps in watch-mode/development-mode.
```
